chore(performance): add initial k6 excel2json performance test (DEV-3885) (#1056)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: k6/README.md

> # DSP-DAS Performance Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DSP-TOOLS Performance Testing
```

Author: Oops, thanks!

> This repository contains performance tests for the DSP-TOOLS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains performance tests for DSP-TOOLS.
```

Author: 👍
